feat: add definputdevices config block and (device N) switch condition (#1989)
jtroo/kanata: docs/config.adoc

)
----

[[definputdevices]]
== definputdevices

**Reference**

The optional `definputdevices` block maps user-chosen numeric device IDs
to physical input devices, enabling per-device key mappings via the
<<switch,`switch`>> action's `(device-history $id $recency)` condition.

.Syntax:
[source]
----
(definputdevices
  $id1 ($matcher1a $matcher1b ...)
  $id2 ($matcher2a ...)
  ...
)
----

> Each entry is a pair of a device ID (1-255) and a list of matchers.

Reviewer: Document using a table referring to the precise `$id` and `$matcher` within the syntax example above.

All matchers within an entry must match for a device to be assigned that ID
(AND semantics).

.Available matchers:
[cols="1,4"]
|===
| `(name "...")`
| Matches devices whose product name contains the given string.

| `(hash "...")`
| Matches devices whose hex hash equals the given string.
Use `kanata --list` to see device hashes.

| `(vendor_id N)`

> | Matches devices with the given USB vendor ID (0-65535, hex with `0x` prefix allowed).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Matches devices with the given USB vendor ID. Valid values: decimal 0-65535, or hex `0x0-0xFFFF`.
```

| `(product_id N)`

> | Matches devices with the given USB product ID (0-65535, hex with `0x` prefix allowed).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Matches devices with the given USB product ID. Valid values: decimal 0-65535, or hex `0x0-0xFFFF`.
```

|===

> 

Reviewer: Start the post-reference section with a `**Description**` line. Add more details:

- why this action might be useful; e.g. unify keyboards with swapped modifier key positions between Ctrl, Meta, Alt
- the kanata-defined IDs are arbitrary numbers with its only purpose as referencing within the action `switch`.

.Example:
[source]
----
(definputdevices

>   1 ((name "Apple Internal Keyboard"))

Reviewer: To reduce visual confusion with recency's `1-8` values , let's implicitly suggest via using in documentation a "recommended practice" of using `defvar` IDs

```
(defvar
  id-AppleInternal 1
  id-Go60          2
)

(definputdevices
  $id-AppleInternal ((name "Apple Internal Keyboard"))
  $id-Go60 ((name "Go60") (vendor_id 0x1D50) (product_id 0x615E))
)

(defsrc a)
(deflayer base
  (switch
    ((device-history $id-AppleInternal  1)) x break
    ((device-history $id-Go60           1)) y break
    () a break))
```
